here o Israel you are to cross over the
here o Israel you are to cross over the Jordan today and go in to dispossessed
Jordan today and go in to dispossessed
Jordan today and go in to dispossessed nations greater and mightier than
nations greater and mightier than
nations greater and mightier than yourself cities grained and fortified up
yourself cities grained and fortified up
yourself cities grained and fortified up to Evan
to Evan
to Evan of people great and tall the descendants
of people great and tall the descendants
of people great and tall the descendants of anak him whom you know and of whom
of anak him whom you know and of whom
of anak him whom you know and of whom you have heard it said who can stand
you have heard it said who can stand
you have heard it said who can stand before the descendants of anak therefore
before the descendants of anak therefore
before the descendants of anak therefore understand today that the Lord your God
understand today that the Lord your God
understand today that the Lord your God is he who goes over before you as a
is he who goes over before you as a
is he who goes over before you as a consuming fire he will destroy them and
consuming fire he will destroy them and
consuming fire he will destroy them and bring them down before you so you shall
bring them down before you so you shall
bring them down before you so you shall drive them out and destroy them quickly
drive them out and destroy them quickly
drive them out and destroy them quickly as the Lord has said to you do not think
as the Lord has said to you do not think
as the Lord has said to you do not think in your heart after the Lord your God
in your heart after the Lord your God
in your heart after the Lord your God has cast them out before you saying
has cast them out before you saying
has cast them out before you saying because of my righteousness the Lord has
because of my righteousness the Lord has
because of my righteousness the Lord has brought me in to possess this land but
brought me in to possess this land but
brought me in to possess this land but it is because of the wickedness of these
it is because of the wickedness of these
it is because of the wickedness of these nations that the Lord is driving them
nations that the Lord is driving them
nations that the Lord is driving them out from before you it is not because of
out from before you it is not because of
out from before you it is not because of your righteousness or the uprightness of
your righteousness or the uprightness of
your righteousness or the uprightness of your heart that you go in to possess
your heart that you go in to possess
your heart that you go in to possess their land
their land
their land but because of the wickedness of these
but because of the wickedness of these
but because of the wickedness of these nations that the Lord your God drives
nations that the Lord your God drives
nations that the Lord your God drives them out from before you and that he may
them out from before you and that he may
them out from before you and that he may fulfill the word which the Lord swore to
fulfill the word which the Lord swore to
fulfill the word which the Lord swore to your father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob
your father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob
your father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob therefore understand that the Lord your
therefore understand that the Lord your
therefore understand that the Lord your God is not giving you this good land to
God is not giving you this good land to
God is not giving you this good land to possess because of your righteousness
possess because of your righteousness
possess because of your righteousness for you are a stiff-necked people
remember do not forget how you provoke
remember do not forget how you provoke to the Lord your God to wrath in the
to the Lord your God to wrath in the
to the Lord your God to wrath in the wilderness from the day that you
wilderness from the day that you
wilderness from the day that you departed from the land of Egypt until
departed from the land of Egypt until
departed from the land of Egypt until you came to this place
you came to this place
you came to this place you have been rebellious against the
you have been rebellious against the
you have been rebellious against the Lord also in horrid you provoked the
Lord also in horrid you provoked the
Lord also in horrid you provoked the Lord to wrath so that the Lord was angry
Lord to wrath so that the Lord was angry
Lord to wrath so that the Lord was angry enough with you to have destroyed you
when I went up into the mountain to
when I went up into the mountain to receive the tablets of stone the tablets
receive the tablets of stone the tablets
receive the tablets of stone the tablets of the Covenant which the Lord made with
of the Covenant which the Lord made with
of the Covenant which the Lord made with you then I stayed on the mountain
you then I stayed on the mountain
you then I stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights I neither
forty days and forty nights I neither
forty days and forty nights I neither ate bread nor drank water and the Lord
ate bread nor drank water and the Lord
ate bread nor drank water and the Lord delivered to me two tablets of stone
delivered to me two tablets of stone
delivered to me two tablets of stone written with the finger of God and on
written with the finger of God and on
written with the finger of God and on them were all the words which the Lord
them were all the words which the Lord
them were all the words which the Lord had spoken to you on the mountain from
had spoken to you on the mountain from
had spoken to you on the mountain from the midst of the fire in the day of the
the midst of the fire in the day of the
the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly and it came to pass at the end
assembly and it came to pass at the end
assembly and it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights that the
of forty days and forty nights that the
of forty days and forty nights that the Lord gave me the two tablets of stone
Lord gave me the two tablets of stone
Lord gave me the two tablets of stone the tablets of the Covenant and the Lord
the tablets of the Covenant and the Lord
the tablets of the Covenant and the Lord said to eat arise go down quickly from
said to eat arise go down quickly from
said to eat arise go down quickly from here for your people whom you brought
here for your people whom you brought
here for your people whom you brought out of Egypt have acted corruptly they
out of Egypt have acted corruptly they
out of Egypt have acted corruptly they have quickly turned aside from the way
have quickly turned aside from the way
have quickly turned aside from the way which I commanded them they have made
which I commanded them they have made
which I commanded them they have made themselves a molded image furthermore
themselves a molded image furthermore
themselves a molded image furthermore the Lord spoke to me I have seen this
the Lord spoke to me I have seen this
the Lord spoke to me I have seen this people and indeed they are a
people and indeed they are a
people and indeed they are a stiff-necked people let me alone that I
stiff-necked people let me alone that I
stiff-necked people let me alone that I may destroy them and blot out their name
may destroy them and blot out their name
may destroy them and blot out their name from under heaven and I will make of you
from under heaven and I will make of you
from under heaven and I will make of you a nation mighty and greater than
so I turned and came down from the
so I turned and came down from the mountain and the mountain burned with
mountain and the mountain burned with
mountain and the mountain burned with fire and the two tablets of the Covenant
fire and the two tablets of the Covenant
fire and the two tablets of the Covenant were in my two hands and I looked and
were in my two hands and I looked and
were in my two hands and I looked and behold you had sinned against the Lord
behold you had sinned against the Lord
behold you had sinned against the Lord your God and made for yourselves a
your God and made for yourselves a
your God and made for yourselves a molded calf you had turned aside quickly
molded calf you had turned aside quickly
molded calf you had turned aside quickly from the way which the Lord had
from the way which the Lord had
from the way which the Lord had commanded you then I took the two
commanded you then I took the two
commanded you then I took the two tablets and threw them out of my two
tablets and threw them out of my two
tablets and threw them out of my two ends and broke them before your eyes and
ends and broke them before your eyes and
ends and broke them before your eyes and I fell down before the Lord as at the
I fell down before the Lord as at the
I fell down before the Lord as at the first forty days and forty nights I
first forty days and forty nights I
first forty days and forty nights I neither ate bread nor drank water
neither ate bread nor drank water
neither ate bread nor drank water because of all your sin which you
because of all your sin which you
because of all your sin which you committed in doing wickedly in the sight
committed in doing wickedly in the sight
committed in doing wickedly in the sight of the Lord to provoke him to anger for
of the Lord to provoke him to anger for
of the Lord to provoke him to anger for I was afraid of the anger and hot
I was afraid of the anger and hot
I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure with which the Lord was
displeasure with which the Lord was
displeasure with which the Lord was angry with you to destroy you but the
angry with you to destroy you but the
angry with you to destroy you but the Lord listened to me at that time also
Lord listened to me at that time also
Lord listened to me at that time also [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and the Lord was very angry with Aaron
and the Lord was very angry with Aaron
and the Lord was very angry with Aaron and would have destroyed him so I prayed
and would have destroyed him so I prayed
and would have destroyed him so I prayed for Aaron also at the same time
then I took your sin the calf which you
then I took your sin the calf which you hadn't made and burned it with fire and
hadn't made and burned it with fire and
hadn't made and burned it with fire and crushed it and ground it very small
crushed it and ground it very small
crushed it and ground it very small until it was as fine as dust and I threw
until it was as fine as dust and I threw
until it was as fine as dust and I threw its dust into the brook that descended
its dust into the brook that descended
its dust into the brook that descended from the mountain
from the mountain
from the mountain also at Tamara and Massa and ki broth at
also at Tamara and Massa and ki broth at
also at Tamara and Massa and ki broth at a OVA you provoked the Lord to wrath
likewise when the Lord sent you from
likewise when the Lord sent you from Kadesh Barnea saying go up and possess
Kadesh Barnea saying go up and possess
Kadesh Barnea saying go up and possess the land which I have given you then you
the land which I have given you then you
the land which I have given you then you rebelled against the commandment of the
rebelled against the commandment of the
rebelled against the commandment of the Lord your God and you did not believe
Lord your God and you did not believe
Lord your God and you did not believe him nor obey his voice you have been
him nor obey his voice you have been
him nor obey his voice you have been rebellious against the Lord from the day
rebellious against the Lord from the day
rebellious against the Lord from the day that I knew you thus I prostrated myself
that I knew you thus I prostrated myself
that I knew you thus I prostrated myself before the Lord forty days and forty
before the Lord forty days and forty
before the Lord forty days and forty nights
nights
nights I kept prostrating myself
I kept prostrating myself
I kept prostrating myself because the Lord had said he would
because the Lord had said he would
because the Lord had said he would destroy you
destroy you
destroy you therefore I prayed to the Lord and said
therefore I prayed to the Lord and said
therefore I prayed to the Lord and said O Lord God did not destroy your people
O Lord God did not destroy your people
O Lord God did not destroy your people and your inheritance whom you have
and your inheritance whom you have
and your inheritance whom you have redeemed through your greatness whom you
redeemed through your greatness whom you
redeemed through your greatness whom you have brought out of Egypt with a mighty
have brought out of Egypt with a mighty
have brought out of Egypt with a mighty hand remember your servants Abraham
hand remember your servants Abraham
hand remember your servants Abraham Isaac and Jacob
Isaac and Jacob
Isaac and Jacob do not look who the stubbornness of this
do not look who the stubbornness of this
do not look who the stubbornness of this people or on their wickedness or their
people or on their wickedness or their
people or on their wickedness or their sin lest the land from which you brought
sin lest the land from which you brought
sin lest the land from which you brought us should say because the Lord was not
us should say because the Lord was not
us should say because the Lord was not able to bring them to the land which he
able to bring them to the land which he
able to bring them to the land which he promised them and because he hated them
promised them and because he hated them
promised them and because he hated them he has brought them how to kill them in
he has brought them how to kill them in
he has brought them how to kill them in the wilderness yet they are your people
the wilderness yet they are your people
the wilderness yet they are your people and your inheritance you brought out by
and your inheritance you brought out by
and your inheritance you brought out by your mighty power and by your
your mighty power and by your
your mighty power and by your outstretched arm